feat: Update Introspect API (#13)
livspaceeng/ozone: doc/adr/0006-update-introspect-api.md

# 6. Update Introspect API

Date: 2024-09-16

## Status

Accepted

## Context

* Changes are proposed in this ADR to get bouncer user id for service token using /v3/auth/get-data API endpoint

## Decision

> * For new service client, a mapping is already created with new bouncer user. Hydra introspect API will be updated to /v3/auth/get-data API to fetch bouncer user id which will be forwarded to other services in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For new service client, a mapping is already created with new bouncer user. Instead of Hydra `/introspect` API, ozone will be calling Shield's `/v3/auth/get-data` API to fetch bouncer user id which will be forwarded to other services in response.
```

Reviewer: @yashmehta1 Can you add a sample /check API response json, and highlight the changes in the response? Also please add a link of [shield's ADR](https://github.com/livspaceeng/shield/pull/37) here which will complete this change.
